amaura man why are you playing Super
Mario 64 dus because it's fun and I'm
tired of everything I just want to play
man we need to find that Yoshi oh but
you know like we were just on a great
adventure but we only just got it
through a few rooms me to get through it
all
so do that tomorrow okay I'm just gonna
look because I think I know where it
might be here come on hold on
okay let's go let's go I'm funny hope
I'm wrong
Hey look at the trash baby oh my god
it's a chest maybe something's in here
Mario
hey boys how's it goin man a donkey I
have no friend everybody hates me man
no you're talking like me I don't like
that you already ate about that oh man
oh man I was freaky
no thanks to you stupid Yoshi hey yo
yeah man
do you know where it's golden Yoshi
artists maybe I do maybe I don't
I don't know a fucking joke here to
death Oh tell him yeah all right all
right fine fine fine I remember is it
fine
where is it what it's it's somewhere the
most secret place the most secretive me
of all secret places the Sukhram of our
secrets secret makes secrets in secret
secret just do before it's up someone's
bum oh god damn mama who the funny
question is I I don't really know before
that look I'm not all I know that's all
I know
that's all I know yeah Yoshi late kill
it my life
you daughter go kill yourself
oh you're sure I think you've done
enough oh he's right there come on the
kid that yeah oh good Wario you've done
enough
boy sorry let's go we could be Mario
don't know
and I got it's a dougie Boyle it's a
donkey
Oh lion oh oh oh my god store some store
oh hell no I'm not gonna help you you
need are your lessons further no no no
no no this poor duck almost died oh come
here boo Kobe hmm
birthdate boo help
all right Babu okay
sorry ducky oh wait don't pick up our
cross Mario I think you totally deserve
that yeah you had under the long goes
back you hide under a long ghost fat oh
good morning man I don't like I don't
really like Toki's yeah why would you
get on me like Collette Stenger the
border food don't eat the cloaking can
you speak English
hey how about this Marta's go yourself
murder this is important oh you're
golden you're huggers maybe yeah okay I
saw some weird monkey guy taken you
don't worry would know I heard something
about he went to them mysterious place
god you're totally not are you you and I
get a funky girl you're talking
stupid party
you really have problems yoshi oh my god
oh my god he just stopped because he's
coming out of his mouth all the
disgusting go back to where you came
from it oh my god okay oh look at you
yeah
what no more no more decapitating okay
no more cutting for just wood no no no
once funny one more yeah hmm oh she or
she no no no you know I'm sick of it I'm
sick of this meeting you we're gonna
have a long talk we were told by now
along top valve five hours later of long
talking and that's why you shouldn't do
that
oh good it's a Mookie it's good Kilmer
you kill my good dude I think he escaped
to the basement
hmm